Adding Opus keyboard (#10628)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/opus/readme.md

# Opus

![opus](https://i.imgur.com/1jXSUbr.jpg)

This is a 40%, non-split, ergonomic, hot-swap keyboard.
The columns are angled to follow the natural angle of the hand.

> Keyboard Maintainer: [rtwayland](https://github.com/rtwayland)  
> Hardware Supported: Pro-micro. Elite-C.
> 
> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     make opus:default
> 
>     make opus:default:avrdude
> 
> See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Keyboard Maintainer: [rtwayland](https://github.com/rtwayland)
* Hardware Supported: Pro-micro. Elite-C.

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make opus:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make opus:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```
